Update README.md Quickstart (#305)
9001/copyparty: README.md

* or if you prefer to [use docker](./scripts/docker/) 🐋 you can do that too

>   * docker has all deps built-in, so skip this step:

Reviewer: The config-file install header breaks the flow of this line into the `#Thumbnail` instructions. Consider rewording and/or adding a link to the section?

eg.
```suggestion
  * docker has all deps built-in, so, skip the [Thumbnails](#thumbnails) step
```

Reviewer 2: ![image8.png](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/69d16c5c-e0dd-4f28-9e98-3ef83cd63e6f)

### Config-File Install (Recommended)

 **1. Run Copyparty**
 ```bash
 curl -O https://github.com/9001/copyparty/releases/latest/download/copyparty-sfx.py
 python copyparty-sfx.py
 ```
 Or use the Windows binary:
 ```plaintext
 https://github.com/9001/copyparty/releases/latest/download/copyparty.exe
 ```
 Then open: http://127.0.0.1:3923

 **2. Basic Usage**
 By default, the current directory is shared with full read/write access.

 **3. Use a Config File (Recommended)**
 Create `config.conf`:
 ```yaml
 [accounts]
   alice: secret123
   bob: hunter2

 [/]
   ./shared
   accs:
     r: alice, bob
     rw: alice

 [/drop]
   ./dropbox
   accs:
     w: bob
 ```
 Start with:
 ```bash
 python copyparty-sfx.py -c config.conf
 ```

>  **4. Install Extras (Optional)**

Reviewer: consider rewording Extras into `extra/optional dependencies`

 
 See [Thumbnails Section](#thumbnails) for more
 
 Ubuntu/Debian: `sudo apt install python3-pil ffmpeg`
 

>  Windows: `pip install --user Pillow` + add FFmpeg to PATH

Reviewer: 1. add the `--no-install-recommends` to the `apt` example (as seen on [L220](https://github.com/9001/copyparty/blob/559f72770c4a1c5e733733983b19cc72f3e80084/README.md?plain=1#L220)) 
2. While I understand including install instructions for most used OSes it would probably be better to *just* link to the section because this way you include all the additional Windows information, basic documentation on media tags

>  **5. Expose Publicly (Optional)**

Reviewer: There are a **lot** of ways to expose a web service on the open internet. Cloudflare tunnel is a good way to securely expose ad-hoc but I'm not sure we want to specifically feature that in a quickstart
